evil animal
Don't kneel down when you see the master
How are you
Isn't the person in your hands dead?
How are you still alive?
That's true.
How could it be him?
Situ Haotian
You are rebellious and betrayed the sect
Today I'm going to clear my door
Did I hear it right?
Master Master Dignified Haotian Ancestor
The peerless powerhouse of Tsinghua Jiandong
Called this woman
Master, who is he?
he
Could he be the founder of Qingyun Sword Sect?
The legendary Qingyun Xianjun
master
You are not dead
Martial arts disciple Ye Hongyu pays homage to Qingyun Xianjun
stand up
These years
You protect what I have left behind
Thank you
Your suffering
I will help you get it all back today.
I, Situ Haotian, came to court from all directions
As the ruler of the Eastern Sun
And you just went to seven-fold-three first.
Want to leap into the 780 major success
It's just a dream talk
Hahaha, if you are a demon in hell
I will be a god in Jiuxiao
You rule the world
Overlooking the common people
I master reincarnation
Respect the sky
Haotian, even if you are unwilling
But you can never reach my height
Then today I want you to die
Master be careful